Clean up documentation (#765)
OCamlPro/alt-ergo: docs/sphinx_docs/Input_file_formats/index.rst

Input file formats
******************

Alt-ergo supports different input languages:

> - The original input language is his native language, based on the language of the Why3 plateform and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The original input language is its native language, based on the language of the Why3 platform and
```

  detailed below.

> - Since 2.5.0, Alt-ergo fully supports the SMT-LIB language v2.6 through
>   `Dolmen <https://github.com/Gbury/dolmen>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alt-Ergo also supports the standard SMT-LIB language v2.6. Since version 2.5.0, improved support is provided by the `Dolmen <https://github.com/Gbury/dolmen>` frontend, available with `--frontend dolmen`.
```
